[music]
The stimulus now is h2o2 25600
character
Oh, look what the old surface yijeongdo
1d if you think Caesar that year that 400 times
Just the best
The primary format is a 1.5 fold club.
But now people are misunderstanding 1.3 and 100 clubs.
What a long series of old wells tank for talking is so perverted crop
But it is not the same if 1.5 times the club's 4 there is 1.3
100 breaths. So, for example,
Multiplying 1.3 of 1.5've mind.Hey constant protection, so when about
The quality of the crop is now double.
For example, when I took a 200 -
That's 200 USD.
Here's the basic 1.5x I have 300 and 2 and now about twice as much 1.3
If you add up to 100%, you get an angle of view of about 400mm .
1.5 times the club's angle of view
When I did 3 times and 1 2
Then three times as much
How large is the money I changed the size of the central Now
If you look at 6,000 4,000
Ah
4802 3200
I spent 24 million yoga.
And I see that the 1600 will was many kinds
U
How about I get a deal?
Now I want to do a little bit haejugo frankly, than the body can crop
A little more expensive tools do not eat out itjimanyo
Where there is no pass filter such as 800 , and then
Enough to merit camera when I saw the many good features of high pixels
I think
Fertility - What a somewhat doejyo've usually Namdaemun market price
It is now formed in the early stage of 2 million won
Then what are you doing to 4,500,000 won big dream coming treated itjani no difference
It's different from your own one bathroom ck 700,000 won
Like the fact jjanghan or bianqing this up with what Maca is like going choegon
What about the 5d mark tag?
If the 5d mark is the same as the gun, it is now almost concise.
There is a trend, but if you do not get wet in the second,
It's like a full frame.
So you did not have the 5d mark all the time.
[laugh]
We would now blocked every 4 seconds tongue
Oh how can I make it so
Whatever
What release that will ask to talk
I'm definitely good at manga, so why here is strong again
People or flower photos or animal plants photos Landscape photos
I wonder if it 's a camera that's perfect for those who shoot.
Most of those who buy cameras
It's like taking a picture of a person or fooling a pretty girl like that.
I do not think it's possible to photograph a baby.
Until I understood the high level, because only the saw cut and perhaps get Part 8
end
How about the president of a junior high school student, but many of these girls sleep like this
health
Eoyeo personally or as a member if that word again that God take such people
hotels
For example , if you press 72 100 mm
4 400 millimeters that can produce heavy lens effects.
When the camera of 9,000,000 won 400 of the 200 are rough one prints
I have.
The control you need is a camera 200 402
Even with 200 million of 70's enough quality
You can get 200 to 400 or you can get lighter
The word sword economically'll have a much better camera now such that
If you emphasize, I do not think it's the same camera.
Prayer hands but my girlfriend already
I think you should try to think about pattern curl.